Add agent mTLS auth explanation for secrets docs (#2234)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/guides/securing-sensu.md

Here are the attributes you'll need to configure.

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: By changing these parameters, the server will communicate over transport layer security (TLS) and expect agents that connect to it to use the WebSocket secure protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: By changing these parameters, the server will communicate using transport layer security (TLS) and expect agents that connect to it to use the WebSocket secure protocol.
```

The `Subject:` field indicates the certificate's CN is `client`, so to bind the agent to a particular user in Sensu, create a user called `client`.

> To enable agent mTLS authentication, use existing certificates and keys for the Sensu backend and agent or create new certificates and keys according to the [Create self-signed certificates][12] section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable agent mTLS authentication, create and distribute new certificates and keys according to the [Create self-signed certificates][12] section. Once the TLS certificate and key are in place, [update the agent configuration using `cert-file` and `key-file` security configuration flags][7].
```

> To enable agent mTLS authentication, create and distribute new certificates and keys according to the [Create self-signed certificates][12] section. Once the TLS certificate and key are in place, [update the agent configuration using `cert-file` and `key-file` security configuration flags][7].

Author: ```suggestion
To enable agent mTLS authentication, create and distribute new certificates and keys according to the [Generate certificates][12] guide.
Once the TLS certificate and key are in place, [update the agent configuration using `cert-file` and `key-file` security configuration flags][7].
```

Learn about [role-based access control (RBAC) in Sensu][3] or [create a read-only user][4].

> [1]: ../../guides/secrets-management/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: ../../guides/secrets-management/
[7]: ../../reference/agent/#security-configuration-flags
```

Reviewer: Also need to update #12 to ../../guides/generate-certificates/
